the call 2020 this is an evil woman
she knows that she can change the past
so she saved the life of our main
characters live
but then kills him in front of her and
why does she do that
just because the girl didn't answer the
phone this has been a super hot movie
recently
the call our main character zion she
comes back to her childhood's house to
find comfort but on the very first
arriving day
she receives strange calls from a
distressed woman who says she's being
tortured by her mother
one day when she's investigating the
house coeum discovers a mysterious
room in which there is a diary of oh
young suk she figures out that oh young
sook is the woman on the phone and is
living in the same house written in
1999.
suddenly the phone rings the woman yells
at the phone begging for help
that her mother is going to burn her
jungsook is being pulled by her mother
she carries a torch and hits youngsook
violently when sheoian looks into that
town hall room
the stair suddenly burns the next day
sioian receives the call from jungsuk
again
she tells her about the mysterious thing
that they're living in the same house
but in different time
they start to communicate through phone
and exchange information about their
lives
youngsook is orphaned and lives with her
adoptive mother who is a shaman while
sioian lost her father in the fire that
she blames her mother for
one day the family comes to youngsuk
house to discuss about buying it
and that is ceoian's family young sok is
surprised when she knows the girl is
little sea oil and calls the matured
sioian to tell her
sioya then bursts into tears actually in
her family was at home her mother forgot
to turn off the gas before going out
which made her father died also left a
scar on her leg
young suit comes up with an idea that
she can save sioian's father alive
on the day the accident occurs young
soon come to see oyen's house
she sees the burning kitchen and saves
them the future is changed
the house is it self-rearranging zion's
scar is disappearing and suddenly
she hears her father's voice her life is
totally back as the old days
young sook however is punished by her
mother and becomes resentful that cion's
life is improved while hers is the same
young sook is being tortured by her
shaman mother she acting like trying to
expel the evil inside young silk
sioen tries to find ways to save yang
suk she searches on the internet
and finds out that on that day in 1999
her mother killed her
she tells young sook young sook then
kills the mother but warns sioyan that
they just had a little fight
now freed young sook becomes a serial
killer she kills the strawberry farms
owner as he finds out the mother's body
inside the fridge
sioi and realizes what's happened when
young sook's victims disappear in the
present day
during a phone call sioian confronts
yongsuk but inadvertently reveals to her
that she'll be arrested
in 1999 young sook is visited by an
eight-year-old siroian and her father
who have come to the house to close
their purchase of it young sook kills
sioian's father and takes young sioi and
captive
in 2019 siorian's reality changes again
her father is dead in a house in even
worse condition young sook calls sioion
and tells her to find out how she'll be
arrested
sioian searches for false information in
order to kill young hook
at that time when zion thinks that she's
safe now the phone rings again
it turns out that sioian's plan didn't
success young soup threatens to kill
little ceoian and gives her one hour to
find the true information
sioian breaks into the local police
station for the notebook used in 1999.
young sook reveals that on the day of
accident it was sioian who turned on the
gas
not her mother then lied about her
mother's responsibility and that they're
the same
sioian gives young suk the correct info
and reality changes again
the house is now owned by an older young
sook who has continued and stopped as a
serial killer
the content of the notebook changes as
well with a note that he uni came to the
house with a police officer and made a
call on the cordless phone
ceon waits in the house for the call and
uses it to warn her mother
in 1999 young soo kills the police
officer and chase euni
in 2019 older young sook reveals herself
and similarly chases sioian
her mother uses the phone again and ceo
and picks up and encourages her to fight
they too go into a fierce fight e uni
seemingly sacrifices herself to kill
yongsuk
and 2019 changes with the house becoming
derelict and old young sook disappearing
sioen leaves the house and is
emotionally reunited with euni who is
alive and well
albeit with scars if you think that it's
the end then you're all wrong
take a deeper look into the ending scene
you'll see that the mother is
disappearing next to ceon
in a mid-credits scene older young sook
uses the phone to call a younger
counterpart and warn her about a uni
under police officer
allowing her to change her own history
and erasing euni from coa inside
at the end the scene cuts to the torture
room while a person covered in white
cloth is tied to a chair
screaming for help the cloth is removed
revealing a frightened syrian whom will
most likely meet her demise by yongsuk